Document non-public cloud support for Azure Monitor scaler. (#735)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.7/scalers/azure-monitor.md

- `metricAggregationInterval` - Collection time of the metric in format `"hh:mm:ss"` (Default: `"0:5:0"`, Optional)
- `activeDirectoryClientId` - Id of the Active Directory application which requires at least `Monitoring Reader` permissions. (Optional)
- `activeDirectoryClientPasswordFromEnv` - Name of the environment variable that contains the active directory client password. (Optional)
- `cloud` - Name of the cloud environment that the Azure resource belongs to. (Values: `AzurePublicCloud`, `AzureUSGovernmentCloud`, `AzureGermanCloud`, `AzureChinaCloud`, `Private`, Default: `AzurePublicCloud`, Optional)

> - `resourceManagerEndpoint` - Resource manager endpoint of the cloud environment. (Required when `cloud` is set to `Private`, e.g. `https://management.chinacloudapi.cn/` for `AzureChinaCloud`).

Reviewer: Maybe we should prefix it with Azure given it's referred to as ARM?
```suggestion
- `azureResourceManagerEndpoint` - Azure Resource manager endpoint of the cloud environment. (Required when `cloud` is set to `Private`, e.g. `https://management.chinacloudapi.cn/` for `AzureChinaCloud`).
```

Author: Done.
